3P cookie changes (#11379)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/words-and-pictures/paid.md

We track conversion in the PostHog app, as using 3rd party trackers like Google Tag Manager is against our brand and values. 

For Google Ads specifically, we have [an app](https://github.com/PostHog/plugin-write-google-ads-to-zapier) which syncs PostHog signups to Zapier, which connects to a Google Sheet that is than synced automatically to our Google Ads account once a day.

## Dog-fooding new destinations

> Occasionally, we want to help the CDP team by testing new destinations, such as ad platforms. But we also have a strict policy against third-party cookies. So, here are some guidelines to make that testing work smoothly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, we want to help the CDP team by testing new destinations, such as ad platforms. But we also have a strict policy against third-party cookies. So, here are some guidelines to make sure testing works smoothly. 
```

* If it creates third-party cookies for us, don't do it. 
* All testing must align with [our privacy policy](/privacy)
* Always verify what data is collected and how it is used. 
* Don't collect any PII, obviously. 
* Limit data collection only to what is _absolutely_ required. 
* Always be transparent with users about what we're collecting, if any. 
* Document changes in the handbook by opening a PR and getting a review. 

> * One week later, follow-up  to verify it's working as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* One week later, follow-up to verify it's working as expected.
```
